EYVA 0.1
========
Map terrain values definition


Purpose:

    This file serves as an information base for terrain values found in map
    files.
    A field on the map is represented by two characters, the first one
    describing the basic terrain, the second one describing the object placed on
    it.


Miscellaneous information:

    Lines 21 and further define the effects that trigger on entering a field.
    Each line corresponds to a number appearing in the map.


Basic terrain:

 0  '?' VOID
        Accessible field that contains nothing. Its purpose is to fill the
        undefined fields in a map that is not of dimension 40x20.
        It may also represent a hole, so if a character enters a void field, it
        will automatically be dropped to the next lower terrain level.

 1  ' ' GRASS
        Accessible field that represents a field of grass.

 2  '.' SAND
        Accessible field that represents a field of sand.

 3  'w' SHALLOW_WATER
        Accessible field that represents a shallow water field. It can be
        accessed without ability to swim.

 4  'W' DEEP_WATER
        Limitedly accessible field that represents a deep water field. It can be
        accessed only with ability to swim. It causes exhaution at the character
        for each step taken in that field.
 
 5  'f' FIRE
        Accessible field that represents fire. It causes damage at the character
        for each time period it is in that field.
 
 6  '~' LAVA
        Accessible field that represents liquid lava. It causes instant death to
        the character entering that field.
 
 7  'o' ROCK_SMALL
        Inaccessible field that represents a small rock.
 
 8  'O' ROCK_LARGE
        Inaccessible field that represents a large rock. Using a pickaxe, one
        may gain a certain amount of stone from the large rock.
 

Terrain objects:

20  'T' TREE
        Inaccessible object that represents a major size plant. Using a hatchet,
        one can gain a certain amount of wood from the tree.

21  '#' BRIDGE
        Accessible object that represents a bridge or footbridge. It disables
        the field's properties, no matter what terrain is underneath (so Lava
        won't be lethal, deep water does not require the ability to swim, etc.).

